Bram Stoker's Dracula

Dracula is a work of fiction, but it does contain some historical references; 
although it is a matter of conjecture and debate as to how much historical connection was deliberate on Stoker's part.

Historically, the name "Dracula" is derived from a Chivalric order called the Order of the Dragon, founded by Sigismund of Luxembourg 
(then king of Hungary) to uphold Christianity and defend the Empire against the Ottoman Turks. Vlad II Dracul, father of Vlad III, was 
admitted to the order around 1431, after which Vlad II wore the emblem of the order and later, as ruler of Wallachia, his coinage bore 
the dragon symbol, from which the name "Dracula" is derived since "dracul" in Romanian means "the dragon".[54] People of Wallachia only knew voievod 
(king) Vlad III as Vlad ?epe? (the Impaler). The name "Dracula" became popular in Romania after publication of Stoker's book. Contrary to popular belief, 
the name Dracula does not translate to "son of the devil" in Romanian, which would be "pui de drac".

The short story "Dracula's Guest" was posthumously published in 1914, two years after Stoker's death. It was, according to most contemporary critics, 
the deleted first (or second) chapter from the original manuscript[65] and the one which gave the volume its name,[6]:325 but which the original publishers 
deemed unnecessary to the overall story.

"Dracula's Guest" follows an unnamed Englishman traveller as he wanders around Munich before leaving for Transylvania. It is 
Walpurgis Night and the young Englishman foolishly leaves his hotel, in spite of the coachman's warnings, and wanders through a dense forest alone.
 Along the way, he feels that he is being watched by a tall and thin stranger (possibly Count Dracula).

The short story climaxes in an old graveyard where the Englishman, caught in a blizzard, takes refuge in the marble tomb of "Countess Dolingen of Gratz". 
Within the tomb, he sees the Countess—apparently asleep and healthy—but before he can investigate further, a mysterious force throws him clear of the tomb. 
A lightning bolt then strikes the tomb, destroying it and incinerating the undead screaming countess. The Englishman then loses consciousness. He awakens to find a 
"gigantic" wolf lying on his chest and licking at his throat; however, the wolf merely keeps him warm and protects him until help arrives.

When the Englishman is finally taken back to his hotel, a telegram awaits him from his expectant host Dracula, 
with a warning about "dangers from snow and wolves and night".

