TWILIGHT VAMPIRES

Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer. Released annually from 2005 through 2008, 
the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella "Bella" Swan, a girl who moves to Forks, Washington, and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire 
named Edward Cullen. 

Like all the vampires in the Twilight series, Edward is described as being impossibly beautiful. At various points in the series, Bella compares him to the mythical 
Greek god Adonis. His skin is "like marble"—very pale, ice cold, and sparkles in the sunlight. She describes his facial features as being perfect and angular—high 
cheekbones, strong jawline, a straight nose, and full lips. His hair, which is always messy, retains the unusual bronze shade that he inherited in his human life 
from his biological mother. His eyes, once green, are now described as topaz. His appearance changes if he goes too long without feeding: his eyes darken, becoming 
almost black, and purple bruises appear beneath his eyes. Edward is 6'2", and has a slender but muscular body.

Edward, like all vampires in the Twilight series, possesses superhuman stamina, senses, mentality, and agility, as well as a healing factor and night vision.
His superhuman strength allows him to subdue his prey, uproot trees, throw cars, and crush metal. His bodily tissue is stronger than granite, making him much more
durable and tougher than humans as well as contributing slightly to his body weight. He is described as being inhumanly beautiful with refined and perfected features. 
His scent and voice are enormously seductive to Bella, so much so that he occasionally sends her into a pliant daze entirely by accident. In Twilight, Edward explains 
that like other vampires, he does not need to breathe, though he chooses to do so out of habit and because it is helpful to smell his environment. He cannot digest 
regular food, and compares its attractiveness for him to the prospect of eating dirt for a regular person. Like other vampires, Edward is not able to sleep.

In addition to the traits he shares with his fellow vampires, Edward has certain abilities that are his alone. He possesses superior superhuman speed compared to that 
of other vampires and is the fastest of the Cullens, able to outrun any of them. Edward is also telepathic, able to read the mind of anyone within a few miles of 
himself; Bella is the sole exception to this rule, which Meyer has stated is due to Bella having a very private mind.[8] Edward also retains some of the traditional 
mindset and dated patterns of speech from his early-20th century human life.

Edward is musical, able to play the piano like a virtuoso. He enjoys a wide range of music, including classical, jazz, progressive metal, alternative rock, and 
punk rock, but dislikes country. He prefers indie rock to mainstream, and appreciates rock and classical music equally.[9] He mentions in Twilight that he likes 
music from the fifties better than the sixties, dislikes the seventies, and says the eighties were "bearable".

A hobby of Edward's is collecting cars.[9] He owns a Volvo S60 R and an Aston Martin V12 Vanquish as a "special occasion" car. He also gave his sister Alice a Porsche 
911 Turbo as a gift in Eclipse. He bought a motorcycle to ride alongside Bella, but gave it to Jasper after he realized that riding motorcycles was a hobby she enjoyed
sharing with Jacob.